Update to GraphQL client user guide (#17590)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/smallrye-graphql-client.adoc

    -DprojectGroupId=org.acme \
    -DprojectArtifactId=microprofile-graphql-client-quickstart \
    -DclassName="org.acme.microprofile.graphql.client.StarWarsResource" \
    -Dextensions="resteasy-reactive-jsonb,graphql-client,rest-client-reactive"
cd microprofile-graphql-client-quickstart
----

NOTE: The typesafe GraphQL client depends on REST client, thus we included the `rest-client-reactive` extension
in the `extensions` list. You may also switch to the traditional non-reactive `rest-client` if the rest of

> your application depends on it (you can't have both at the same time). If you're only going to use the

Reviewer: It's a bit more complicated than that.
```suggestion
your application depends on the non-reactive RESTEasy stack (you can't mix reactive and non-reactive RESTEasy). If you're only going to use the
```
